# 6/23/23 Meeting Notes:

_In attendance: Daisy, Kevin, Zach, John, Max_

Quotes from heroes:
- Lynn Conway got back to us
- Call with Dean Kamen went awesome earlier today

## Branding:

- Kevin and Alex made color palettes on Figma for branding scheme
  - Playing around with both
  - Zach advocates for more love on poster over website - spoke to Alex about this already
  - Stickers are being ordered today

## Ambassadors:

- Leo and K have been meeting with Kevin
  - They’ve started reviewing prs and have been active in Github
- July 11 community workshops shippable
- Would ambassadors be willing to pass out / distribute posters?

- Office Hours:
  - Two weeks ago Kevin hopped on a Zoom call and made himself available for office hours. People could just pop in and ask questions, work together, etc.
  - Would like to keep this going - it was successful!
  - Maybe Max to start? Hugo? Let’s see who else is available?
  - Last call not as many people came - 8 people came and stayed the whole time (same weekend as something else?) How do we maybe get more people? People are still asking for this so it’s still something people are interested in.

## Marketing:

- It’s unclear how to get started with PCB design
- We still don’t have examples of other projects like we do with PCB business cards
- Deeter and Max started work on a video about this to try to make this more clear
- Workshops are a solution - these take time to make and to make well
- Number one priority = make a step by step tutorial on how to make a solid project. This project needs to be able to be ordered and made and it needs to work and this is the gold standard. 10 minute video - super concrete - 100% fool proof and the viewer feels super confident after watching the video.
- Issue here is that ordering the parts to make this project takes time. Lead time on making this content (since making the project takes time) is long.
- Solution? Do a tutorial on making John’s glasses - project has already been made. Or Sprig?
- Daisy takes charge mailing out some posters (while mailing out stickers, to hackathon organizers)