# Team Sync

_In attendance: Daisy, Kevin, Maggie, John, Max_

### Updates:

- John
	- Reached out to IEEE– should put together a grant request next, we think we know how much they’ll give
	- Reached out to Dean
	- Needs an android phone
- Zach
	- A bunch of people are talking about making PCBs, so we’re helping inspire people
		- JC talked about making a board
		- Mason is leading a smartwatch project
	- Talk through some structured planning (notes below)
- Max
	- Poster design aiming for print review by EOD
	- Video tutorial working with

### Discussion topics

**Planning:**

- If we work through this for a year from now, what are we happy with the projects being?
	- Ex. We’re happy with the 1k projects being 500 beginner, 250 medium & advanced
	- output is having something in the GitHub documentation that makes this explicit and it can help our marketing

**Review process:**

- Currently review is entirely dependent on Kevin and Daisy
- Currently design is ambiguous about how original the work needs to be
	- We can make a requirement in the PR that you can go through a tutorial but you need to go through each step and not copy the source files (ie. Gerber, kicad)
		- “don’t copy and paste the board”
		- “place the components yourself”
		- “I made this board from scratch, even if I followed a tutorial”
- Kevin is worried the $100 isn’t enough for advanced projects
	- We can look into a second grant application process for advanced projects once we run into a lot of people making advanced projects. Before then is over-optimizing

**Education:**

- Getting started is still not quite figured out
- We want more workshops created

**Review process:**

- We want to make sure people have enough funding for multiple runs so we'll update the grant to cover the minimum number of boards per batch (ie. 5)
- Let's get a team to support Kevin

**Distribution:**

- How do we market to FIRST? Let’s do a couple things:
	- Chief Delphi post
	- Write a post for FIRST to send out (Zach)
	- Write a post for FIRST to send to the PDP network (Zach)
	- Get a quote from Dean saying “PCBs are important”
		- We can do this for Vint Cerf and other “heroes” in tech
		- eg. Lady Ada
		- eg. Tom Preston-Werner
		- eg. Tim Burner’s Lee
		- eg. https://www.youtube.com/user/greatscottlab
		- eg. https://www.youtube.com/user/styropyro
		- eg. https://www.youtube.com/user/destinws2
		- eg. Will.i.am
		- eg. xyla foxlin
		- eg. Lisa Su
		- eg. michael reeves

### TODO:

- Update PR template saying “I made this board from scratch, even if I followed a tutorial” (Max)
- Update PR template to say "smallest batch size" (Max)
- John will reach out to "Heroes of computing" (examples listed above) for quotes
- Create a planning doc "GOALS.md" (Max)
	- Include in the planning doc that we want “multiple beginner projects, not just one that all are derivative from
- Write a post for Chief Delphi (John, Kevin, Max)
- Zach and John get together and write an IEEE grant request
- Kevin creates a review team
  - Github group
  - New workshop content
- Revamp GitHub "README.md" (Max)
  
