# Onboard team sync 2023-05-17

_In attendance: Al, Daisy, John, Kevin, Max_

## Updates

- John
  - IEEE got a proposal and it’s being pitched internally but probably won’t show up until summer
  - The LED glasses company (macetech) is really excited and sent him a letter about getting involved
- Kevin
  - Has a test template repo with CI checking. Runs on GitHub.
- Max
  - [Logo thread is started](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C056AMWSFKJ/p1684255742227039)– going to be a pcb we can fabricate
  - Lexi is helping with the website and will start tomorrow
  - [First community event is planned](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C056AMWSFKJ/p1684296137712949) and next step is driving marketing
    - Listed at https://events.hackclub.com/design-your-first-pcb/
- Daisy
  - Setting up call with Kevin to talk about how PRs will be submitted and transferred to the Bank ops team

## Todo

- create a private channel so John can post the letter from macetech (Max)
- PCBWay open questions? (Max, support from Kevin)
  - how solid is their offering?
  - how good is their discount? Does it make them competitive with JLCPCB?
  - how is integration with KiCad or other edit we use?
  - How is their BOM offering? (Al mentioned this is par-for-the-course to support)
- Create a doc for the proposal message to PCBWay (share with Al, Kevin, John, Zach)
  - reply to email from PCBWay
  - also forward email to Zach
- Editor decision (Kevin)
  - Check if our GitHub CI works with EasyEDA
- Add to submission guidelines (Kevin)
  - check your price first
  - check your lead-time
  - check your BOM is supported
  - “With our limited time and energy we’ve made a flow to submit projects with EasyEDA, a tool we recommend for beginners. If you already know KiCad or EagleCad, you can submit with that but you the effort of passing CI is on you.”

## Estimated deadlines

- First version of website on Monday (Max)
- First version of submission flow available to test on Saturday (Kevin)
- Update on IEEE by next week (John traveling, but can communicate updates)
- First draft of bank payment flow setup by Friday (Daisy)
  - Chat with Kevin about the submissions on GitHub
  - Chat with Caleb or Max about automating bank
