---
name: "Arthur Hawron"
slack_handle: "@sub-arctic"
github_handle: "@sub-arctic"
---

# Skardel

My board is a PCB for a split ortholinear mechanical keyboard, with the layout generated by [ergogen](https://github.com/ergogen/ergogen) . The layout is derived from that of the [Corne](https://github.com/foostan/crkbd), but modified to suit my hand shape and preferences. It supports Choc V1 hot-swappable sockets, through hole trrs connectors on each side for inter-half communication, and sockets for the arduino promicro controller.

My board is split into two halves. Both halves cost $41.33 AUD each, totaling to $82.66 AUD, and with shipping to Australia the grand total is $99.40 AUD, or ~$63 USD.

I designed the layout of this keyboard using ergogen, as mentioned. Ergogen allows for programmatic and declarative generation of keyboard layouts, and can also produce unrouted pcb's, as well as 3D files. The configuration is created in yaml, where points can be defined for each row and column of the keys. A pcb can then be created, and different footprints can be placed on the predefined keys. For my usage, and on each of my keys, this included a diode, and a Kalih Choc V1 hot-swap socket above. The footprints are used from [celocide's ergogen footprints](https://github.com/ceoloide/ergogen-footprints). A promicro controller is also placed using the same format, as well as a trrs connector. In the points, connections to pins of the microcontroller can be defined for each column and row. This sets up the keyboard matrix for the pcb output. Then, when the output kicad file is generated, the proper net name definitions allow the routing tool to be used to connect the appropriate rows and columns to the microcontroller. This whole workflow could be achieved without the use of ergogen, but would make it far more cumbersome. Ergogen allows me to change the layout of my keyboard to whatever i'd like, and the pcb output would reflect that. However, the routing still needed to be done manually, which because the diodes and sockets are both on the back copper layer, meant that vias were needed to bypass long-running column and row connections. Once/if these pcbs are produced, I will use the outline function of ergogen to create 3D models for the case of the keyboard in OnShape. These will then be prototyped using a 3D printer, and then potentially CNC-milled out of aluminium or steel. I want to experiment with different mounting options for plates, including gaskets. Also, the project name "Skardel" is norwegan for shard, which I think is applicable given the sharp, "fragmented" nature of a split keyboard. The name was inspired by IKEA's naming conventions. Do note that there is no schematic attached, due to the previous design flow stated. Instead, the config.yaml file for ergogen will be provided.

A full repository for the creation of my keyboard is available at my git repo: [git.suitable.systems/arthur/skardel](https://git.suitable.systems/arthur/skardel).
